Document cases for github datasets (#3924)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/share.mdx

The code of these datasets are reviewed by the Hugging Face team, and they require test data in order to be regularly tested.

> In some cases in makes more sense to open a PR on github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases it makes more sense to open a PR on GitHub:
```

- when you need the dataset to be reviewed
- when you need long-term maintenance from the Hugging Face team

> - when there’s no clear org name / namespace that you can put the dataset under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when there's no clear org name / namespace that you can put the dataset under
```
